Docs 3164 secure prop v4.2 (#802)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/secure-configuration-properties.adoc

k/J1EHyxJagOcyQELoaqIDCzzKc1bLGJiHY2dv6jzuhtVpP1LTlgK3y8EH7OkK5iuuu8kik3P5dCDMixZXwn/EV6xbUwLFKnEb4x1pUX6aopLP/KULm0pQ==
----

> === Arguments Reference

Reviewer: The first five rows in this table seem confusing. In these rows, what is the relationship between the first and the third columns?

For example, if the argument is `string`, how is it possible that `file` and `file-level`, which are separate arguments, are documented here as Accepted Values for `string`?

The three values are acceptable for decryption mode, but not for the argument `string`. But I don't know how to reword this. I think the accepted values for string, file, and file-level are really the second sentence of the description column entry:

Argument             Description                 Value
string                   Sets...                          An encrypted single-string value provided as argument <value>.

Does that make any sense?

Author: I'm reworking the whole to get rid of the third column and clarify difference between arguments and values.

[cols="20a,50a,30a", options="header"]
|===
|Argument
|Description
|Accepted Values

|`string`
|Sets decryption mode to `string`. +
Encrypts a single string value provided as argument `<value>`.
|

> * `string`

Reviewer: See above.

* `file`
* `file-level`

Only one of these can be set per operation.

|`file`
|Sets decryption mode to `file`. +
Encrypts the value of each property set in the properties file provided as argument `<input file>`.
|

> * `string`

Reviewer: See above.

* `file`
* `file-level`

Only one of these can be set per operation.

|`file-level`
|Sets decryption mode to `file-level`. +
Encrypts the whole content of the properties file provided as argument `<input file>`.
|

> * `string`

Reviewer: See above.

* `file`
* `file-level`

Only one of these can be set per operation.

> |`encrypt`

Reviewer: See above.
I have no idea what we could put in the third column for these. Encrypt and decrypt are two separate arguments with only one value apiece....

|Sets the operation to encryption.
|
* `encrypt`
* `decrypt`

Only one of these can be set per operation.

> |`decrypt`

Reviewer: ditto

|Sets the operation to decryption.
|
* `encrypt`
* `decrypt`

Only one of these can be set per operation.

|`<algorithm>`

> |The algorithm to use during the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the algorithm to use during the operation.
```

| See <<supported_algorithms>> for a complete list.

|`<mode>`
|The mode to use during the operation.
| See <<supported_modes>> for a full list.

|`<key>`

> |The word used to lock or unlock the file or value during the operation. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the word used to lock or unlock the file or value during the operation. +
```

|Any string value.

|`<value>`

> |String value that is encrypted or decrypted during the `string` operation.

Reviewer: Specifies....
GLOBAL below.
Just to make all Column 2 entries complete, verb-based sentences.

|Any string value.

|`<input file>`
|The properties file that is encrypted or decrypted during the `file` or `file-level` operation.
|A `.yaml` or `.properties` file.

|`<output file>`
|The encrypted or decrypted properties file that is created after the `file` or `file-level` operation.
|A `.yaml` or `.properties` file.

|===

[NOTE]
====

> * Key sizes might depend on the Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) version. For example, since version 1.8.0_161, the AES key size needs to be of at least 32 characters (256 bytes), instead of 16 for previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Beginning with Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) version 1.8.0_161, the AES key size must be of at least 32 characters (256 bytes).
```

> * If you use the `$` character in your key, it needs to be escaped with `\`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use the `$` character in your key, you must precede it with `\`. 
```

> For example, to use key `myKey#$%123` you need to pass the `<key>` argument as `myKey#\$%123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to use key `myKey#$%123`, you must specify the `<key>` argument as `myKey#\$%123`.
```
